# Organizer meeting 2024-02-21

The purpose of the meeting was to discuss ideas for future meetups to grow the group. We want to avoid becoming an in-group. We also discussed cost distribution and the general organization of Rust Trondheim.

## Meetup ideas:

- "Rewrite It in Rust: Why It's Beneficial" - Explore the advantages of adopting Rust for various projects.
- Broaden the scope across domains and languages in order to engang more people:
  - "I'm a C#/C++/JS/whatever Developer, How Does Rust Benefit Me?"
  - "I'm a Decision Maker, Should I Recommend or Use Rust Within My Organization?"
- Explore potential project showcases with companies who have experience in C++ and C and Rust. (Eirik mentioned Autronica)
- Language Shootout: Discuss the convergence of imperative programming and functional programming in Rust. Compare it with other mixed-language approaches

## Meetup organization:

- Cost distribution for food/venue, how will expenses be allocated amongst ourselves?
- Other "budgeting", should we approach Habitat or Digs for venue options in order to not tie the Meetup to company offices?
- Engage more companies for sponsorship, we could reach out to consultancy and software houses to explore potential funding and support.
